PRIVACY NOTICE

Last updated 19/01/2022



Thank you for choosing to be part of our community ("Company," "we," "us," or "our"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at contact.0xcm1k3@gmail.com.

This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you:
Download and use our mobile application
Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales, marketing, or events
In this privacy notice, if we refer to:
"App," we are referring to any application of ours that references or links to this policy, including any listed above
"Services," we are referring to our App, and other related services, including any sales, marketing, or events
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.

Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
3. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
4. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
5. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?


1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

We Do not collect any personal information.

2. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

In Short:  You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
 
If you are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.

If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.

3. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice. 

4. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?     
In Short:  Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.

We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

5. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?     

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at contact.0xcm1k3@gmail.com
